tui: Enable TUI report mode to use option -f (#1279)
namhyung/uftrace: doc/uftrace-tui.md

TUI OPTIONS
===========
-f *FIELD*, \--output-fields=*FIELD*

> :   Customize fields in the output. This option basically indicates graph fields.

Reviewer: By convention in uftrace docs, we give 2 white spaces after the period.
```suggestion
:   Customize fields in the output.  This option basically indicates graph fields.
```
Please apply the same for the rest of other sentences.

    Possible values are total, self and addr. The default value is 'total'.

>     But if this option is combined with the --report option,

Reviewer: I think "used" is better than "combined" here and don't need to use "the".
```suggestion
    But if this option is used with --report option,
```
